.TH "htmldata.URLMatch" 3 "Thu Apr 28 2016" "Audacity" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
htmldata.URLMatch \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, \fBdoc\fP, \fBstart\fP, \fBend\fP, siteurl, \fBin_html\fP, \fBin_css\fP, \fBtag_attr\fP=None, \fBtag_attrs\fP=None, \fBtag_index\fP=None, \fBtag_name\fP=None)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdoc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstart\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBurl\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBin_html\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBin_css\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtag_attr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtag_attrs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtag_index\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtag_name\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A matched URL inside an HTML document or stylesheet.

A list of C{URLMatch} objects is returned by L{urlextract}.

@ivar url:       URL extracted.
@ivar start:     Starting character index.
@ivar end:       End character index.
@ivar in_html:   C{True} if URL occurs within an HTML tag.
@ivar in_css:    C{True} if URL occurs within a stylesheet.
@ivar tag_attr:  Specific tag attribute in which URL occurs.

                 Example: C{'href'}.
                 C{None} if the URL does not occur within an HTML
                 tag.
@ivar tag_attrs: Dictionary of all tag attributes and values.

                 Example: C{{'src':'http://X','alt':'Img'}}.
                 C{None} if the URL does not occur within an HTML
                 tag.
@ivar tag_index: Index of the tag in the list that would be
                 generated by a call to L{tagextract}.
@ivar tag_name:  HTML tag name in which URL occurs.

                 Example: C{'img'}.
                 C{None} if the URL does not occur within an HTML
                 tag.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 1095 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.__init__ ( self,  doc,  start,  end,  siteurl,  in_html,  in_css,  tag_attr = \fCNone\fP,  tag_attrs = \fCNone\fP,  tag_index = \fCNone\fP,  tag_name = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Create a URLMatch object.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 1128 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.doc"

.PP
Definition at line 1132 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.end"

.PP
Definition at line 1134 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.in_css"

.PP
Definition at line 1137 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.in_html"

.PP
Definition at line 1136 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.start"

.PP
Definition at line 1133 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.tag_attr"

.PP
Definition at line 1142 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.tag_attrs"

.PP
Definition at line 1143 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.tag_index"

.PP
Definition at line 1144 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.tag_name"

.PP
Definition at line 1145 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&.URLMatch\&.url"

.PP
Definition at line 1135 of file htmldata\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Audacity from the source code\&.
