.TH "htmldata._HTMLTag" 3 "Thu Apr 28 2016" "Audacity" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
htmldata._HTMLTag \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, \fBpos\fP, \fBname\fP, \fBattrs\fP, \fBkey_pos\fP, \fBvalue_pos\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBattrs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBkey_pos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvalue_pos\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
HTML tag extracted by L{_full_tag_extract}.

@ivar pos:       C{(start, end)} indices of the entire tag in the
                 HTML document.
@ivar name:      Name of tag.  For example, C{'img'}.
@ivar attrs:     Dictionary mapping tag attributes to corresponding
                 tag values.

                 Example:

                  >>> tag = _full_tag_extract('<a href="d.com">')[0]
                  >>> tag.attrs
                  {'href': 'd.com'}

                 Surrounding quotes are stripped from the values.
@ivar key_pos:   Key position dict.

                 Maps the name of a tag attribute to C{(start, end)}
                 indices for the key string in the C{"key=value"}
                 HTML pair.  Indices are absolute, where 0 is the
                 start of the HTML document.

                 Example:

                  >>> tag = _full_tag_extract('<a href="d.com">')[0]
                  >>> tag.key_pos['href']
                  (3, 7)
                  >>> '<a href="d.com">'[3:7]
                  'href'

@ivar value_pos: Value position dict.

                 Maps the name of a tag attribute to C{(start, end)}
                 indices for the value in the HTML document string.
                 Surrounding quotes are excluded from this range.
                 Indices are absolute, where 0 is the start of the
                 HTML document.

                 Example:

                  >>> tag = _full_tag_extract('<a href="d.com">')[0]
                  >>> tag.value_pos['href']
                  (9, 14)
                  >>> '<a href="d.com">'[9:14]
                  'd.com'

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 633 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def htmldata\&._HTMLTag\&.__init__ ( self,  pos,  name,  attrs,  key_pos,  value_pos)"

.PP
.nf
Create an _HTMLTag object.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 682 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "htmldata\&._HTMLTag\&.attrs"

.PP
Definition at line 688 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&._HTMLTag\&.key_pos"

.PP
Definition at line 689 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&._HTMLTag\&.name"

.PP
Definition at line 687 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&._HTMLTag\&.pos"

.PP
Definition at line 686 of file htmldata\&.py\&.
.SS "htmldata\&._HTMLTag\&.value_pos"

.PP
Definition at line 690 of file htmldata\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Audacity from the source code\&.
